we're here at the arbors of Travers
apartment complex this is one of our
longtime customers we take care of the
landscape beds and we take care of the
lawn
today we're getting all the mulch blown
in it's too big of a job for us because
it's hundreds of yards so we have a
company come up from downstate and right
now there's think three semis errs one
right in front of us there's one farther
down and there's another one coming up
and see the mulch piled high it's quite
a bit of it they basically just run it
through a hose blow it all into these
beds and they make quick work of it they
start here well I'm not sure I got in
here a little bit after they did but
probably from about eight o'clock and
they'll be done about two o'clock this
afternoon and they do really fast work
we've got all these beds prepared for
them we edged all the black edging which
is probably over a mile of it and we've
put down pre-emergent and we've weeded
everything and we've also mechanically
edged all the trees there's about 250 of
them so for the mulch it's pretty easy I
just make a phone call and they put it
down
and
they're a great company to work with
very professional
they got my job much easier so there's a
an event tonight here at the property so
we're kind of bit of rough to get
everything done but they'll get most of
it done today and there's another truck
coming up tomorrow morning to finish it
up and we're also going to cut the grass
as well so this place to be looking
pretty sharp
you